Okay.
Hi!
Um. Delicious. Fish? I don't know.
That's fish. Yeah?
Oh, Yeah.
Oh.
Tempura. Have you had tendon like in a bowl?
Tendon.
It's just Tempura Rice, but like you have a bunch of different... Oh...
Ooh.
I love the shrimp.
So good.
I love the shrimp. Yeah.
Oh.
Okay.
What about, In China, the hot pot is really spicy.
No. That was my dream, but she doesn't want me to go. She told me not to.
I will...
I know, that's true. Like, I don't know about that.
I know, like, I'm just so random in the morning.
Oh.
Huhhh!
I've always wanted to go there. No actual way. That's been like my dream.
No way!
It's like a magical city, haven't you seen the videos of it?
Yeah, the city. Um... Chongqing.
Oh... Yeah.
They have, I keep seeing a bunch of crazy videos like they have.
Trains going through the buildings.
Yeah, and then all the buildings.
levels are like so high and then you look off the...
the edge and there are more layers
It's so loud.
Yeah, because there's more buildings like Yeah. It's crazy.
I always want to go there. And see it in my eyes.
Chongqing.
Yeah. I'm going there.
Literally. Yeah. It's looks like the future. Yeah. Beautiful.
I've always wanted to go there.
Yeah. I'm going to go with my friends.
And I'm gonna eat Hot Pot.
Huhh!
Okay. Really?
I've heard of this place.
I think...
Is it the same place that dances for you?
I wanted to go there. Okay, you should go.
The place that dances for you when you give like tip them or something?
So, when you order something about you at the hot pot place they dance, you know.
Because my Chi- Chinese friend friends keep talking about that.
It's like, it's a restaurant. A Hot Pot. And you can paint your nails there, I don't know
You can do like... Yeah.
They'll paint your nails for free and they'll dance for you.
I don't know all this stuff and I asked my other Chinese friends about it. They're like, oh, yeah.
That's whatever restaurant something, that might be.
This is normal?
No, they dance like while holding their plates or something. I don't know.
No. They'll give you food and then they'll stand there and then they'll dance.
It's like a special dance.
How did you paint nails...
Okay. You need, should look look it up and you should go there
And you should tell me how whether I should see.
or something...
Oh.
Was that...
That's crazy.
What?!
Oh Yeah.
How long did you stay?
mmh
Oh yeah. Oh, That's a beast one.
Wait, was that risk seeing it, was that?
It's not like one city, too big.
Yeah.. Oh. But you don't need to choose a city because it's big so...
Okay.